What's your favourite place to visit?
Where is the last place you went on holiday?
If you had $1m what would you buy?
Are you a speaker or a silent one?
What's your favourite game?
What's your favourite sport?
If you became President for 1 week, what would you do?
If the Earth only had 24 hours before it ended, what would you do for the remaining time?
What would you do if you had Discord Nitro (Regular)?
What's your favourite thing about Discord?
What's your least favourite thing about Discord?
What's your favourite game franchise?
If you could make one country, what would it be called? What language would they speak? Would you make one up? What would the currency be? What would the currency be worth VS your local currency? So many questions! <:MonkaW_DLC:848988638616223764>
Do you still remember the rules? :thinking: Have a double-check of them :wink:
If you could invent one thing, what would it be? What would it do? How much would it cost?
Who is the most famous person you have met?
Do you have any pets?;What is your favourite animal?
Would you rather: Sit all day or Stand all day
What is your favourite shop?
What's something not many people know about you?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
What phone do you have?
What would you name your boat if you had one?
What’s the closest thing to real magic?
Who is the messiest person you know?
What will finally break the internet?
What’s the most useless talent you have?
What would be on the gag reel of your life?
Where is the worst smelling place you’ve been?
What celebrity would you rate as a perfect 10?
What’s a body part that you wouldn’t mind losing?
What is the dumbest way you’ve been injured?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
What’s your biggest screw up in the kitchen?
What’s the worst commercial you’ve recently seen? Why is it so bad?
What is the craziest thing one of your teachers has done?
When did you screw everything up, but no one ever found out it was you?
What problem or situation did TV / movies make you think would be common, but when you grew up you found out it wasn’t?
What quote or saying do people spout but is complete BS?
What’s something your brain tries to make you do and you have to will yourself not to do it?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve read or seen this week?
What ridiculous thing has someone tricked you into doing or believing?
If you were given a one-minute ad slot during the Super Bowl that you couldn’t sell, what would you fill it with?